I
hello everybody this is graham also
known as a collector 75 and welcome to
another transfers of you now for this
one i thought i'd do another recent
purchase of mine and this is of course a
fall of cybertron Ultra Magnus um I was
actually gonna buy this figure at all I
do anything like the look of war for
sorry fall of Cybertron Optimus primary
and this is just a blue redeco with a
different head yeah I wasn't actually
going to bother but then I started
buying some of the fall of Cybertron
toys and I really liked them so I
thought which Iowa I'm going to get this
one I still want to get war for
Cybertron Optimus Prime so laughing
other one yet I do have that a giant
oversized one Bobby that's not really
the same if you're trying to put lock
and load of figures together yeah so
someone that one abort this one except
football assault to Magnus and off
that'd be pretty pretty cool I'm so kind
i did actually really like you i fantasy
great that will figure i was going to
get this one from toys r us because all
they had loads of new ones and but I saw
kapow ER toys were doing it for a
cheaper price up or do you know what yes
that's that where I'm gonna get it from
um yeah and so what can I say it's a
great deal to it i'm not totally keen on
its slightly smaller than some of the am
obviously the later generations toys
obviously those slightly downsize them
slightly um so we'll see that is a bit
withdrawal back that's the main reason i
was never getting some of them about to
be honest this great it's a great little
cybertron a funny truck mode if you will
I don't exactly what I love that you can
put a gun on the back and you can take
the sword for them sword on there to be
honest and you can't take the gun off my
is a great little truck mode very
reminiscent of ultra magnus especially
in robot mode um it's not too bad as you
might get the red probe labels for this
guy this that you does look pretty cool
um yeah there's not really much else to
say about it's a bit beyond the bank man
and yeah there's not really much to say
about it in this mode those are pretty
cool alright and a transmit very quickly
should be that hard I'm gonna can I
rotate these knees around here get the
feet push these all the way back
somehow get some waste section bring it
forwards separate the legs ah then we're
going to separate these little bits here
just disconnect the arms they're
slightly rotate them around a conscious
way way it goes there we can rotate them
around like that nice setting up there
we go nitrates and is here and then
rotate them around at the elbows as well
let's talk about that oh that's his arm
sort of done then we got raised some bit
up around irritatingly Sammy I would do
this absently raised these little what
exerted up heads up hidden and then this
pushes whole section up I'm at lots to
place them around there don't know why
this section doesn't want to fit in now
anyway that does get around here
somewhere I thought it's supposed to
look into place bills he not I bring
that around brings arms round like that
and that is basically your ultra magnus
in robot mode and it's actually pretty
damn cool i love that I love that him
sculpt I thing that has a great little
head Scott it's gonna zoom in yeah it's
actually pretty pretty cool very
reminiscent of ultra magnus there I
believe the instructions say you
supposed to put these things down to the
back I feel like them leaving the marks
it has more vulture Magnus look to be
honest oh this is worn over um yeah it's
pretty cool actually can give him his
little gun race or no forgot it's just a
rotator hands around like that you can
give me a little gun I'll hold that
quite happily these are whiter suppose I
just hang around the back here somewhere
well then you can give this giant sword
its what does get other things i think
was it me I can't remember
it might do it might not I'm not that
bothered to be honest but he don't look
too bad when he's old it and there we go
to Magnus in robot mode and he's a very
cool one last I want to get autumns
Prime to go with him because he's
obviously the war for cybertron cuz it
is slightly a different mold and I
thought that'd be pretty cool you cannot
go wrong and then you can as a size
comparison obviously there's a full for
Cybertron shockwave obviously the same
silk sides really well they look pretty
cool together well I sorry the light in
here is a little bad obviously it still
in my am kitchen of mine but hopefully
I'm moving soon so really I've somewhat
better to do them there we go that is a
fall of Cybertron Optimus
you